DOCSP-43957-recommend-drop-and-recreate (#358)
mongodb/docs-mongodb-shell: source/crud/delete.txt

   more information and examples, see
   :method:`~db.collection.deleteMany()`.

.. note::

>    If you want to delete all documents from a large collection, dropping

Reviewer: Since you want to direct attention to dropping the collection, perhaps it makes sense to link to that too?

```suggestion
   If you want to delete all documents from a large collection, dropping with the :method:`db.collection.drop` method.
```

Author: Done! Thanks for this suggestion!

>    and recreating the collection may have faster performance than using
>    the :method:`db.collection.deleteMany()` method with an empty filter.

Reviewer 2: Optional wording suggestion:

```suggestion
   and recreating the collection may have faster performance than deleting
   documents with the :method:`db.collection.deleteMany()` method.
```

Author: Done! Thanks for this suggestion!

   When you recreate the collection, you must also recreate any

>    specified collection characteristics. 

Reviewer 2: It might be good to explicitly mention that collection indexes will also need to be recreated.

Author: Done!

>    specified collection characteristics such as collection indexes.

Reviewer: The word "characteristics" stand out to me. Is this a word that's used elsewhere?

Author: I changed to "parameters" to be more specific!

   more information and examples, see
   :method:`~db.collection.deleteMany()`.

.. note::

   If you want to delete all documents from a large collection, dropping
   and recreating the collection may have faster performance than
   deleting documents with the :method:`db.collection.deleteMany()`

>    method with an empty filter. When you recreate the collection, you

Reviewer 2: [Optional]

Up to you, but I feel like we can remove "with an empty filter" here, since we talk about the empty filter behavior in the beginning of this section.

Author: Done!
